Add PDB stuff to the Patroni upgrade doc. (#106)
BCDevOps/openshift-wiki: docs/HowTo/UpdatePatroni.md

> The Platform Team also advises that you explicitly set your pod anti-affinity rules for your database. OpenShift defaults to ensuring that pods start up on different nodes wherever possible, as this is the most resilient set-up. However, some considerations may supercede this requirement when left as a default. Therefore, to ensure that pods run on different nodes as often as truly possible, you should consider explicitly setting an anti-affinity configuation in your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Platform Team also advises that you explicitly set your pod anti-affinity rules for your database. OpenShift defaults to ensuring that pods start up on different nodes wherever possible, as this is the most resilient set-up. However, some considerations may supercede this requirement when left as a default. Therefore, to ensure that pods run on different nodes as often as truly possible, you should consider explicitly setting an [anti-affinity configuration](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/nodes/scheduling/nodes-scheduler-pod-affinity.html#nodes-scheduler-pod-affinity-example-antiaffinity_nodes-scheduler-pod-affinity) in your deployment.
```
